okay let's take this Ford Focus to run
all the warning lights come on the way
they should then goes out the way it
should
meeting of cars these folks is there a
bill bill comfortable I've just done 103
miles on it including a good run round
the m25 no problems whatsoever been
absolutely fine horse you've got power
steering
in front of you got the temperature
gauge which is showing that temperatures
below normal now rev-counter speedometer
fuel gauge trip meter
they handle nicely
there's no nasty knocking groaning or
squeaks or rattles or anything it seems
to track perfectly true problems there
things that remote controls for your
stereo so you can turn that up and down
and stuff and change source and things
like that
gearshift is nice and firm on this one
not not floppy the way son get when
they've got a few miles on them
rides nicely as well
yeah
celery's clearly no misfiring or
hesitation oath like that
just waiting out of it
say it's got tough
washing wipers a word problem
electric windows of the driver and
front-passenger
it's got remote alarmed locking
with the immobilizer on and also the
remote boot release
drivers they're back
and remote control mirrors both both
sites
okay that's about sir well I can really
tell you about it so that drives really
nice thing
my name is Simon water you can reach me
on Oh double seven one nine zero six
nine three five three or in the office
on Oh double one eight nine four six
three three five